== Introduction

Project Opener consists of a Ruby and two Bash scripts to aid quick-navigation
between projects.

== Installation

To install directly from GitHub:

  $ cd /path/to/workspace
  $ git://github.com/marcbowes/project-opener.git

== Getting started

Add the following to the end of ~/.bashrc

  # Project-Opener
  # -- var
    export PO_LOCATION="/path/to/project-opener"
    export PO_WORKSPACE="/path/to/workspace"
    # This is the default depth setting
    # export PO_DEPTH=1 
  # -- function
  po()
  {
      . ${PO_LOCATION}/po.sh $*
  }

== Usage

Simply type +po name-of-project+. Search is done recursively from the specificed
workspace path, up to the maximum specified depth. Matches are done via a
regular expression.

== Pitfalls

Untested. Ensure both shell scripts have execution privileges. Please report
issues to me.

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Marc Bowes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

